thank you
[Music]
we actually have a very unusual choice
of Chief guests
they are not CEOs but they are CEOs of
their own Destinies great pleasure to
welcome the Innovation story team five
amazing kids who are representing India
the first Global challenge or fgc
[Music]
what makes these kids special and their
achievement even more incredible of
rising above circumstances or staying
hungry of dreaming big and making them
come true through sheer grit passion
enthusiasm and manath these are kids who
come from very modest backgrounds their
parents are daily wage owners it's not
just the fact that they're representing
India at a global platform in fact it
reminds me of a Hindi kahawat
foreign
[Music]
[Applause]
pretty much
[Music]
you know we've always believed in
technology and you know helping people
achieve their true potential but what
was really inspiring was the passion
that you can see in what they're doing
when I read about what they've achieved
and today we heard what they've achieved
it was just from the bill it was a
Goosebumps feeling I mean this is
something we felt that you know amazing
achievement of this outstanding you know
bunch of kids and we felt that as SSC
number we had to support you we are
really proud of what you know you guys
are doing
[Music]